Hahahahaha good good
I didn't expect this child to make the spirit tablet emit spiritual light in the world
Heavenly Father is excellent
This child's bone talent is also acceptable
Six Wars of the Virgin Islands
The Son and the Father are indeed good
But compared to the virgin's original seven epiphanies
It's nothing.
Elder Liu, I am missing an address with my inner name.
How about resigning and leaving it to me?
Why give it to you?
Then you are missing an address.
But am I not lacking?
And listen and listen
I have a bottle of elixir here
How about giving me the address of that bottle of medicinal pill?
Elixir
Ah!
Hahahaha
Sir, it's not impossible.
Forget it, this apprentice is given to you
I'll wait. I'll wait.
That's probably a hard wait.
The Defeated East Ceremony of previous years
It's just Wu Sheng
Do you really think the address is good?
Chinese cabbage can be seen everywhere.
What's your name?
The elder is under Zhao Linfeng from Rizong, Jiangcheng
Well, the price is innocent
Zhao Linfeng, let me ask you
Are you willing to worship under the door of the old man?
The disciple wishes to worship the master
Well, you go down first
Wait until the Baizong ceremony is over
I will officially accept you as a disciple again
This Zhao Lingfeng is so amazing
Four times, as soon as you enter the sect, you can worship the elder's house
If only we could have that kind of luck
The ceremony continues
Next
I got it.
Ye Wuji